`buildPythonPackage` , `buildPythonApplication`: take `installCheck`-related attributes directly (#324124)
NixOS/nixpkgs: doc/languages-frameworks/python.section.md

  environment variable and add dependent libraries to script's `sys.path`.
* In the [`installCheck`](#ssec-installCheck-phase) phase, `${python.interpreter} -m pytest` is run.

By default tests are run because [`doInstallCheck = true`](#var-stdenv-doInstallCheck). Test dependencies, like
e.g. the test runner, should be added to [`nativeInstallCheckInputs`](#var-stdenv-nativeInstallCheckInputs).

> Python packages and applicationst doesn't have [`checkPhase`](#ssec-check-phase). `doCheck`, `checkPhase`, `checkInputs`, and `nativeCheckInputs` are aliases to the `installCheck`-related attributes for historical reason, but using them instead of the `installCheck`-related variables are obsolete and discouraged.

Reviewer: Minor spelling and grammar suggestion:
```suggestion
Python packages and applications don't have [`checkPhase`](#ssec-check-phase). `doCheck`, `checkPhase`, `checkInputs`, and `nativeCheckInputs` are aliases to the `installCheck`-related attributes for historical reason, but using them instead of the `installCheck`-related variables are obsolete and discouraged.
```

It is recommended to test packages as part of the build process.
Source distributions (`sdist`) often include test files, but not always.

> The best practice today is to pass a test hook (e.g. pytestCheckHook, unittestCheckHook) into nativeInstallCheckInputs.
> This will reconfigure the installCheckPhase to make use of that particular test framework.
> Occasionally packages don't make use of a common test framework, which may then require a custom installCheckPhase.

Reviewer: Minor formatting and linking suggestions:
```suggestion
The best practice today is to pass a test hook (e.g. `pytestCheckHook`, `unittestCheckHook`) into [`nativeInstallCheckInputs`](#var-stdenv-nativeInstallCheckInputs).
This will reconfigure the `installCheckPhase` to make use of that particular test framework.
Occasionally packages don't make use of a common test framework, which may then require a custom `installCheckPhase`.
```
